README.md, before:

# Assignment

Please create a page that contains an input field.
When the user enters *at least* three characters into this input field,
you should display all flight information from the `flights.json` file where the destination airport matches the entered input.
Implement it using vanilla JavaScript.

We think 4 hours should be enough to spend on this assignment.
Please don't spend more than that unless you're having fun and want to show off :)

## Requirements:
- Use Webpack to build an ES5 bundle of your app.
- Make it look nice. Make sure Webpack also packages your styles. We have provided some internal SCSS files in the `/sass` directory from our internal setup.
You can read about these on [http://takeoff.schiphol.nl/component/style-fundamentals](http://takeoff.schiphol.nl/component/style-fundamentals)
- Your application should treat the contents of `flights.json` as the output of an API endpoint.
It should load this asynchronously using XHR or Fetch API and should not require a page reload when the user changes their input.

## Submission:
- Create a clone of this repository locally.
Then push it to **your GitHub account** and continue working from there. Once you have finished, please send us the URL of the repository you have created.

### Some things to consider:
- Some package.json dependencies might be out of date and Webpack build might fail as a result. Consider it as a challenge to update them but if you get stuck, please reach out to us.
- We like tested code
- We like readable code
- We like using the latest features of ES6 where applicable
- Last but not least, have fun!

Commit message:

update project structure and README.md

README.md, after:

# Assignment

Please create a page that contains an input field.
When the user enters *at least* three characters into this input field,
you should display all flight information from the `flights.json` file where the destination airport matches the entered input.
Implement it using vanilla JavaScript.

We think 4 hours should be enough to spend on this assignment.
Please don't spend more than that unless you're having fun and want to show off :)

## Requirements:
- Use Webpack to build an ES5 bundle of your app. You'll have to set it up with all the necessary dependencies, loaders, etc. for JavaScript and SCSS.
- Make it look nice. Make sure Webpack packages your styles. We have provided some internal SCSS files in the `/src/scss` directory from our internal setup.
You can read about these on [http://takeoff.schiphol.nl/component/style-fundamentals](http://takeoff.schiphol.nl/component/style-fundamentals)
- Your application should treat the contents of `flights.json` as the output of an API endpoint.
It should load this asynchronously using XHR or Fetch API and should not require a page reload when the user changes their input.

## Submission:
- Create a clone of this repository locally.
Then push it to **your GitHub account** and continue working from there. Once you have finished, please send us the URL of the repository you have created.

### Some things to consider:
- We like tested code
- We like readable code
- We like using the latest features of ES6 where applicable
- Last but not least, have fun!
